# Jace Desai
___

## Aspects
 - High Consept: **[Spoiled Noble And Unwitting Victim of Court Intrigue]**
 - Trouble: **[Hopelessly Addicted To His Old Lifestyle]**
 - **[Worlds-Class Combat Training Can’t Buy The Junkie Respect]**
 - **[Friends In High Places To Get What He Needs…]** 
 - **[Hit ‘em with a Little Wit and Charm and Let ‘em Understimate Ya]**

## Skills
**+4: Rapport**
**+3: Contacts**, **+3: Fight**
**+2: Culture** , **+2: Provoke**, **+2: Resources**
**+1: Athletics**, **+1: Deceive** , **+1: Knowledge**, **+1: Stealth**

___
## Background
ok ok ok... lets see here... I think I'm going to make a character entirely from outside sector 93, I actually like the idea of a 2-bit noble from a minor house of some notability in the core worlds, just kind of swept up in court intrigue and imprisoned out in the boonies. I kinda like the idea of not even knowing why I was imprisoned and shuffled off into the middle of nowhere, plus like my whole shit naturally is to get back to the core worlds -- all the craziness going on is sort of an incidental complication to doing so, lol

Okay anyways, gonna go with... Jace Desai, 9th in line to inherit the Desai holdings, a minor family on one of the more important Core Worlds somewhere in sectors 1-9. I think his trouble is easy enough: [Hopeless Addict]. I could be much more specific, but I kind of want it to be extremely broad -- was he addicted to drugs? wealth? The prestige of his family name? Money, cars, women? Yes, yes, yes to all of it. 

### First Adventure
“Maha, my man, I’m * hic * good for it! A day ish… is all I need, I just gotta move around some of my assetsh and you’ll have your money. Where’sh the trust between business associates, huh? Does my family name really mean so li—hoouuf!” Jace doubled over in pain as H’Mari Maha’s pseudopod slammed into his guts, then slowly collapsed to his knees, gasping for air. Maha’s amorphous form wriggled rhythmically, signaling either mirth or anger or… some other emotion. Jace was never able to get a read on Hrod, a failing perhaps related to his current circumstances, he mused to himself. The speech vacuoles in Maha’s matrix vibrated unsettlingly, approximating the sounds of the common galactic tongue: *“Thhiiiss oonee obbssseerves no* DESAI*, jjussstt aa Ppatthetiicc jjuuunkiee. Jjaacce’s wwoordd aandd fammillyy nnammee aarree wwoortth nnoonnee tto tthiiss ooonne. Tthhiiss oonee’ss lloss wiill bbee reccoouped bbyyy ootthherr mmeanns.”* Maha gestured with another pseudopod to their compatriots, two Terrans obviously gene-bred for muscle mass, and generated several more fine-motor pseudopods, delicately picking up the assorted grisly yet finely-maintained surgical tools arrayed before them. Jace continued to writhe in pain on the floor, clutching his abdomen as the two henchmen approached. As they grabbed for him, he deftly popped his left pinky out of its socket, thumbed its biometric ignition, and rolled to a combat-ready crouch. With an almost imperceptible whine the monomolecular vibrosaber extended to its full length and powered up.
Later, a migratory Hrod quietly undergoing mitosis in a back alley contracts in surprise as a nearby door slams open. The Hrod cautiously generates a vision node, spying a noble fop in expensive-looking but blood-and-cytoplasm-drenched garb calmly exiting into the alley, holding a crystalline bottle half-full of jet-black liquid – Deluge or Onyx, most likely. He steps confidently into the alley, takes a swig of the liquid, and hurls the bottle against the wall, unleashing a string of curses as it shatters. “Fuck. Fuck! That was my only diamond dust supplier…” Then he notices the Hrod deeper in the alley, despite the reactive camouflage the Hrod instinctively activated the second the door slammed open. “Hey *pseudo-bud*, you wouldn’t happen to know where a Terran can score a whole lotta diamond dust within the next two cycles, would ya?”

### Adventure with [MB](./MadBomber.md)
IGS-78339’s proximity sensors pinged, triggering the activation of the rest of its sensory suite. “-- Been watching you the past few days, scrounging out in the scrapheap.” Something was talking to it in a hushed tone. Speech pattern analysis suggested Terran or one of the many gene-bred off-shoots. IGS-78339’s internal clock indicated recharge was still four cycles away, possibly more if delivery was late again. Its power was critically low, hence the droid had hidden itself away and powered down until recharge time. It would need to act fast to neutralize this threat while conserving what little power remained. “Saw you take on a whole gang of scabs by yourself! Really impressive, I… wait, are you dead…?” *Tink! Tink!* Pressure sensors indicated light tapping on the glass of its optics. “Ah shit… I’m gonna have to—Glllk!” Servos sprang into action with a whine and the droid’s arm flashed out, grabbing the Terran by the neck and unceremoniously cutting his words short.
At full power even this basic droid frame would have been capable of crushing its assailant’s windpipe, but in its current state it could do little more than surprise and lightly choke the Terran. No matter, IGS-78339 knew how to apply minimal force to deadly effect. Its optics whirred open, focusing on the threat. The Terran caught in its grasp was wrapped in heavy cloth robes, but its optics picked up scraps of what must have once been fine silks and nanoweaves peaking out from underneath. A noble from the core worlds, perhaps? IGS-78339’s drew its other arm back and formed its digits into a rough knife point, preparing to strike up through the nasal cavity. Before it could strike, the Terran kicked out at IGS-78339’s central frame and yanked himself free of its grasp, sprawling backwards and gasping for air through choked gasps. IGS-78339 raised itself up on its legs to pursue and dispatch the threat, but a cascade of warnings pinged on its HUD as its arm servos ground to a halt. The power draw was too much to operate all four limbs and its sensor suite simultaneously; this was going to be more difficult than it thought.
Between choking fits the Terran spat out in a hoarse trill, “You fucking psycho robot, I’m here to make a proposition, not strip you for damned parts!” IGS-78339 slumped back down to the ground and powered down all non-essential functions, re-routing power to voice modulation. “Ah, it’s not to be violence then. My apologies, meatbag. Speak.” Even having re-routed power to speech, its sensors picked up a clear tinny drone in its own voice – if the Terran didn’t know its power was critical before, he did now. “Name’s Jace Desai. I need muscle, and you *clearly* need power – I think we can help each other out. I’ve got an in with one of the guards here, they can supply me with extra rations, both food and power, but I’ve got no way to hold on to any of it without extra muscle. I’ve seen your kind of service droid crush a man’s windpipe with no effort, so I know you’re hurting for it. On the other hand, I’ve *never* seen your kind of service droid handle a group of killers with the grace and efficiency of an Imperial war droid. I don’t know what kind of AI core you are but you sure as shit haven’t spent your operational life unloading cargo from freighters. Anyway, with my connections and your potential for murder we might be able to eke out something a little bit better here than just mere survival. What do you say?”

### Adventure with [Clint](./ClintYoung.md)
“… so *anyways*, I tell the consul I got this scar defeating one of the crown princes of Tani IV in single combat, and he spends the rest of the summit practically *falling over himself* trying to hire me on as one of his honor guard. I tell you, I’ve never been courted and wooed by *anyone* so aggressively, before or since. Consuls are a thirsty lot, it turns out, just not in the ways you might expect!” On the other side of the force field the guards chuckle, and one – obviously a fresh recruit – asks naively: “Well, did you…?” Jace looks quizzically at him for a half-beat. “Did I…? Oh, the scar! Hah, hell no kid, I got this thing when I took a dive off a balcony into wading pool on a bet – easiest creds I ever earned and worth every stick – but I wasn’t gonna tell *him* that!” The other guards guffaw at that and clap the baby-faced kid on the back.
Meanwhile, on the other side of the cramped quarters, Clint sits with his head in his hands, staring mutely down at the floor, eyes bloodshot and unblinking. *Does this fucking idiot ever shut up…?* He long ago stopped berating Jace as it only seemed to egg him on, but Clint was fairing no better in trying to ignore him.
Right on time, a fresh set of guards filters into the security station to relieve the current crop Jace has been bantering with for the past three hours. *Oh god, now he’s going to do it all again*. To Clint’s surprise, Jace waves to the leaving guards. “Say, fellas… don’t suppose a guy could make use of *your* facilities, eh? Ours in here are… well… I mean, this force field doesn’t block the smell does it, ‘cause if you could smell what I’m dealing with in here…” Jace gestures dismissively to the disgusting toilet in the corner of the cell and turns back to the guards with pleading eyes. The guards glance at the toilet, then exchange glances with each other, before the one in charge shrugs and says, “… Ah what the hell, how much harm could he really do?” Clint looks up and stares in slack-jawed surprise as the guard punches in a sequence in a command console to power down the force field. Jace turns back to Clint and gives a sly wink as the guards clamp a set of mag-braces on his wrists and escort him out of the cell. *What… what the fuck just happened…?*
… Some time later Clint hears guffaws of laughter echoing through the corridor leading into the security station, and Jace and a couple of guards round the corridor, no doubt laughing over some joke or tale or witticism from that gods-damned idiot. They escort Jace back into the cell before marching off again, and Jace saunters over to Clint with a big smile on his face. Clint realizes that Jace has come back without any mag-braces, but he barely has time to process this before Jace steps up to him and sits next to him. He drops his façade and says in a hushed, serious whisper, “Alright bud, I found out where they’re taking us – it’s not good. We’re going to be left to our own devices when we arrive, but one of these guards knows some guys down on the ground – with a bit more elbow grease I can make sure they help us land softly and find our feet quickly, so to speak. Meanwhile, we’re going to need to be ready to defend ourselves… here—” Jace slips a short length of metal piping, sheered off to a wicked-sharp tip, into Clint’s palm, the twin to another length Clint briefly spots folded into Jace’s jumpsuit— “We should be making planetfall long before anybody notices one of the toilets in the starboard lavatory no longer has running water. It’s not much, but it’ll give us the edge we need to establish ourselves when we arrive. From there we can make contact with security on the ground… we’ll just need to find some muscle to make sure we can hold on to what’s ours.”

___
[Back](Players.md)